Based on an an idea and script by Mike Gogins, this Python script creates an
MP4 video from a WAV file, with the video consisting of a static spectrogram
of the contents of the WAV file. The intended use of this script is to render
a piece of music into a form that can be uploaded to YouTube.

This program has been tested only on Linux. You must have both sox and ffmpeg
installed and on the path.

    usage: yt-render.py [-h] [-m METADATA_FILE] [-i SOUND_FILE] [-o VIDEO_FILE]
                        [-r] [-p] [-v]

    Build MP4 video, with static spectrogram, from WAV file.

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -m METADATA_FILE, --meta METADATA_FILE
                            Pathname of metadata file
      -i SOUND_FILE, --in SOUND_FILE
                            Pathname of input sound file
      -o VIDEO_FILE, --out VIDEO_FILE
                            Pathname of output video file
      -r, --raw             Draw spectrograph without axes/legends
      -p, --print           Print a blank metadata form to the screen and exit
      -v, --version         show program's version number and exit

The script will create two new files:

* a spectrogram image (.png, generated by sox)
* an MP4 video (generated by ffmpeg, incorporating both the sound file and the spectrogram)

The metadata file uses standard config file format and consistes of a set of
key/value pairs and a "section" header. For example:

    [__track__]
    soundfile=hexany_catalog_part1_master.wav
    album=Hexany Permutations
    title=Part 1
    year=2016
    track=1
    artist=Dave Seidel
    composer=Dave Seidel
    genre=Electroacoustic
    publisher=Mysterybear Music, ASCAP
    copyright=Copyright (c) 2016 by Dave Seidel, some rights reserved. Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0).

* The "\[\_\_track\_\_\]" header is required
* The "soundfile" value is optional, and must be the name of the WAV file to beencoded (with full path, if not in your current working directory). If you don't use soundfile, then you must use -i on the command line to specify the input sound file.
* All of the other values are typical metadata fields, and are required.

